Doc: Info about $__rate_interval for naive users (#34277)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/datasources/prometheus.md

> Support for `$__range`, `$__range_s` and `$__range_ms` only available from Grafana v5.3

> You can use some global built-in variables in query variables; `$__interval`, `$__interval_ms`, `$__range`, `$__range_s` and `$__range_ms`, see [Global built-in variables]({{< relref "../variables/variable-types/global-variables.md" >}}) for more information. These can be convenient to use in conjunction with the `query_result` function when you need to filter variable queries since `label_values` function doesn't support queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the following global built-in variables in query variables `$__interval`, `$__interval_ms`, `$__range`, `$__range_s` and `$__range_ms`. For more information, refer to [Global built-in variables]({{< relref "../variables/variable-types/global-variables.md" >}}). These can be convenient to use in conjunction along with the `query_result` function when you need to filter variable queries since the `label_values` function doesn't support queries.
```

> **Note:** Available in Grafana 7.2 and above

> The `$__rate_interval` variable is meant to be a good interval for the `rate` and `increase` functions. It is designed to work well in most cases and avoid most of the pitfalls that can occur when using a fixed interval or `$__interval`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `$__rate_interval` variable is a good interval for the `rate` and `increase` functions. It works well in most cases and avoids most of the pitfalls that can occur when using a fixed interval or `$__interval`.
```

For example: `rate(http_requests_total[$__rate_interval])`

> It is defined as max( `$__interval` + _Scrape interval_, 4 \* _Scrape interval_), where _Scrape interval_ is the Min step setting (AKA query\*interval, a setting per PromQL query), if any is set, and otherwise the _Scrape interval_ as set in the Prometheus data source (but ignoring any Min interval setting in the panel, because the latter is modified by the resolution setting).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is defined as max( `$__interval` + _Scrape interval_, 4 \* _Scrape interval_), where _Scrape interval_ is the Min step setting (AKA query\*interval, a setting per PromQL query) if any is set. Otherwise, the _Scrape interval_ is set in the Prometheus data source (but ignoring any Min interval setting in the panel, because the latter is modified by the resolution setting).
```
